README.md, before:

# 🎅 Live Santa Tracker Mega 7000 HD 

A real-time Santa tracking system utilizing... *alternative data sources*.

## What Is This?

This is a fully operational Santa tracking platform. It displays Santa's precise location on Christmas Eve, along with historical flight data from previous years.

How do we know where Santa is? Let's just say we have our methods. The data speaks for itself: 48,000+ verified stops, weather conditions at each location, precise UTC timestamps. 

You're welcome to look around.

## Quick Start

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

## Tech Stack

Next.js • react-globe.gl • Tailwind CSS • Open-Meteo • TypeScript

## Project Structure

The interesting bits are in `src/components/GlobeMap.tsx` and `scripts/`. 

The CSV files in `public/` contain... well, you'll see.

## Contributing

Built by a human, assisted by AI. PRs welcome.

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

---

*Ho ho ho.* 🎄

Commit message:

Add coy note about Poppa Elf integration

README.md, after:

# 🎅 Live Santa Tracker Mega 7000 HD 

A real-time Santa tracking system utilizing... *alternative data sources*.

## What Is This?

This is a fully operational Santa tracking platform. It displays Santa's precise location on Christmas Eve, along with historical flight data from previous years.

How do we know where Santa is? Let's just say we have our methods. The data speaks for itself: 48,000+ verified stops, weather conditions at each location, precise UTC timestamps. 

You're welcome to look around.

## Quick Start

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

## Tech Stack

Next.js • react-globe.gl • Tailwind CSS • Open-Meteo • TypeScript

## Project Structure

The interesting bits are in `src/components/GlobeMap.tsx` and `scripts/`.

The CSV files in `public/` contain... well, you'll see.

### Poppa Elf Integration

There's also a certain chatty elder elf lurking in the codebase. Ask the Poppa Elf about Santa's 2024 flight and he'll happily whisper what he can—just don't expect him to reveal all his secrets at once.

## Contributing

Built by a human, assisted by AI. PRs welcome.

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

---

*Ho ho ho.* 🎄
